(DOCSP-16624) Backfills docs content for 5 clusters search indexes commands (#1606)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-clusters-search-indexes-update.txt

   * - -f, --file
     - string
     - false

>      - Name of the JSON index configuration file to use. To learn about the format for index configuration files, see https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-search/index-definitions/.

Reviewer: We don't have index configuration file format defined anywhere. Suggestion:
```suggestion
     - Name of the JSON index configuration file to use. To learn about the Atlas Search index syntax and options that you can define in your configuration file, see https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-search/index-definitions/.
```
